hello i am simon from ebay de
it's about an ace in this video
which I personally very good
During the diet company premium pro
protein from west berlin's near me
very much like there would be the users and
so that can take a good look what
what it is it is more components
Proteins mainly consist of rain
and but him casein on with a view
the ingredients will be revealed soon 49
percent is way concentrate included
40% casein that is already 90
percent of this product is a pure one
both wayne and him as well as karin
then of course contain strong goethes
6 percent cocoa powder I have here
the milk chocolate taste allowed
of course, real cocoa powder in strong
form not missing
manufacturing midblock mr mail all
interesting so this
thickeners ultimately caused
for having a creamy one here
mother or with advertised extra creamy
a creamy consistency gets very
Discourse will definitely and through
Of course very good very tight
tomorrow product me a thick one
merckx in any case that 's just one
has some saturation effect is
during the diet, incidentally, for me
always very important since the third ms
Fraction highways powder so ergonomics
the next to whey protein and quasi in the
So it's a third protein fraction
pure components of protein powder which
mostly in moscow then out of casein
And last but not least there is sweet
Morning powder and sweetener included
ask for your bike what the
sweeteners, it's mine now
view after no sweeteners the special
not high quality are very expensive
are
These are sweeteners in any case
Do not suspect cancer too
excite and I have to be honest
say in combination
schwendi very ca that is called and shake
of it comes from the sweet very well
Sugar tastes almost like sugar
taste very good from there
variation what these substances on the quasi
paper
I do not think so now
all the highest quality firsts
sweeteners but the result counts
million of me far the taste
and he is good
yes what is included the vitamin mix
here are very many in the room as well as
all vitamins included with the
Of course, it's just such a vitamin
thing is double-edged sword for
the 1
It is already very well nourished
The vitamins are taken in the basics
superfluous
For me it would be very much vegetables
a lot of fruit is very much on one
the healthy diet focuses the
these vitamins need their foundation
not taken for someone else
Heated less healthy one here has the
Do not eat so much fruit so much
vegetables is for that class that
buried here in the vitamin
proportions 75 percent of before
Of course, daily quantity is already relative
high dosage visibly overdosed
but here are naturally beautiful again
significant amount included
ok i think quite interesting are still
that's the nutrition table
the proportion of protein is not nearly 77
percent of that is natural for one
multi-component chocolate flavor
chocolate flavor is very good
you know that you are less than gadget
Ultimately , the nutrition table
with 77 percent absolutely absolutely in
order in my opinion
carbohydrates 6 percent 5 percent the
Of course, fat comes predominantly
which is caused by the cocoa powder
Caro is natural
fatty even if it kills strong
Of course, the fat content is reflected
in the nutrition table so a piece of the world
low
Absolutely five percent in every case
in view of amino acids often
on the amino acid balance as cas am
total product 16 7
that is a good value an absolute one
worth good amino acid here at 100 grams
protein 18 4 grams
Of course, mostly from the car him
Absolutely okay was something
Bch and glutamine are the strong ones
values, I think yes to the single 30th
gram portions down so broken
23 grams one now about two grams
carbohydrates about one and a half grams
fat
my tip to you, however, is of
this product not only 30 grams too
but drink during a diet
while losing weight designed with it
your between mindset just enough
many snacks are accepted
trying to make a meal a little
replace meal by 50 or 60
Gram powder takes and fits naturally
then the appropriate amount also
protein and then finally on the
corresponding several reminders it is
Of course, that's important too
Also a saturation occurs for the
next two three hours
are you the next meal again?
you take it very well because the
Saturation from the quake experience
In any case, great is important
In any case, I have tried it
with milk and with water there is hardly any
a rwe-spokesman probably the difference so
Big is like her with milk
Tastes really wonderful
really great night drinking chocolate so
very very intense chocolate very
full-bodied so sacred did not attack
More happens really well if it really
after good chocolate tastes
a high cocoa percentage almost and
Great taste in any case with
water tastes more like older
chocolate so water gets me that
really did not taste good and
I'm so fantastic the difference
here is really very big drinks on
every case with milk is just a lot
tastier and then you have those too
corresponding creamy consistency the
creamy consistency
that's because it already very close
and I say for the next hour
hipp and of course a lot of base
Construction site is what else is there
say
Of course, aspartam is clearly in the clear
laboratory tested made in germany is up
every case good product of one
reasonable brand of
I can look forward to any future company
fall on many walls want to lose weight
replaced by simply in
between meals and then you can
Of course, in the long run, it's easy
he does not have to lose weight to enjoy it
renounce
left to the is product maintains ago
the video can go without ceasing
daily bodybuilding I
of course also other airways
powder tested for you tested others
products and certainly rated
very interesting for the one or
another who thinks about something right
to lie
ok, before I forget it would be great
if you often like me facebook like teinach
bodybuilding DE on facebook maybe
also the link is under the video
I can always do two
three four times a week on new
point out videos and new ones fall through
communicate and so on to ask
answer via facebook course on
the very best a runway conditional
you like to ask on facebook
Of course, then very happy to answer
I am also very well in it all clear
I'll see you a lot in the next video
be status symbol greater Simon below
When it comes to buying a car then sitting
with the Germans the money very loose
while when it comes to your own body
go when it comes to health
is getting stingy because it is them
saved and there is the German zum
I think it's weird if you can
a little pure if you always only
saves itself and wants a lot
rausholen
that the bill does not work out
well be clear to everyone